As we all know or monetary system needs work or a revamp. Well i've given the issue a bit of thought and would love to hear your questions and opinions.

Enjoy folks.

What system could we use to replace our current system.

What about a contribution system?

"Well how would that work?", you're probably wondering.

1. Contribution Points are earned through work. The amount of points you earn is determined by a job ranking system. This system ranks jobs based off of difficulty and how much humanity NEEDS it. If you know of a job that is needed but not listed or you believe will be useful, you may petition to have listed and included in the jobs available.

2. Contribution points are distributed on a schedule also based off of the job you have this way everyone doesn't get paid on the same days at the same time and stores have the chance to replenish their wares.

Just like stores have a limit now, on the amount of a single product can be purchased by one person, it will continue to be so. That way people don't save up their points and decide to try and clean shelves with the points they have saved or directly influencing the market to boost the need for a certain product.

Product prices will also be on a ranking system based off of things such as
demand, the labor required to produce the product, quality, availability, and the impact all of these have on the environment.(Harmful products will be much MUCH more expensive with limits and restrictions on their usage!)

Note: Low Quality Goods may be more expensive if their disposal proves to be harmful to the environment.

3. The points will be stored digitally. Physical Contribution Point Substitute/Alternative options for large quantities of points will be available. You will receive points directly to your account it is then saved to the card and disconnected until an attempt to make a purchase is made it will then reconnect and make several checks with online systems to ensure the amount of points you have hasn't been adjusted in any way. When a contribution point is spent it is destroyed. The company receives no form of payment when a customer purchases their product.

Well why would anyone want to create high quality products or any products at all?

Surveys are taken bi weekly rating products and jobs. High quality products lead to pay increases for the producers. This all ties into the product ranking system. Have no fear companies will not lose any incentives to produce high quality goods.
Personal reviews may also take place for certain jobs.(anyone dealing with the elderly, children, or anyone that has a disability and cant do for themselves)

All of this leads removes the pressure of people paying people. Daycare is paid for with contribution points naturally it will be high in demand. No need for insurance when going to a hospital, the points pay for it and they don't come out of anyone's pocket. Anyone willing to work will have a place in this world and poverty will not. There will be no handouts. Pursue what you love, and make a living off of it.

If you get sick and cant work then what?
You will be paid normally upon your admittance to a hospital where you can receive treatment until you have recovered. For minor issues like colds, flu, or stomach aches sick-days will be available. The consecutive or frequent use of sick-days will result in investigation.

What about vacations?
These will remain entirely personal. You must plan them on your own, and save your contribution points. However if you have a job that is high in demand you must give notification well ahead of time so your position may be covered while you are gone, much like how things work now.

Their are many things out of your reach simply because you don't have the funds. Well this solves a lot of that. You wont have to pay for a good education.(schools will still be able to regulate who gets in and who doesn't based off of academics opposed to who can afford tuition) My system encourages teachers, doctors and lawyers to do "a damn good job" so more people will seek them out personally. Competition will skyrocket in a positive light, however the better you are the more desire your services become then you must expand or become selective on the customers you take which will lower the amounts of points you receive. This makes greed counter-productive.

Well who is going to oversee a large operation like this?

Unfortunately i feel some form of a national board of representatives will be required.
This isn't any form of government, they will have no say on how we run our lives they will simply keep things running smoothly. These are positions of great responsibility and little to no power. They will pay well but how well they pay will be determined through surveys submitted by those they have been chosen to represent. This group of representatives will also be handling foreign relations.
Overall they are there for communication purposes to consolidate information between states. Anytime a meeting is held or a major decision must be made it will be publicly broadcasted.

We will still have police officers and likely a military. Im still working on the military aspects and will get back to this asap. Crime will not disappear no matter what we do. However, i honestly do believe this will reduce petty crime by a lot, which is usually where most murders take place.(in the events of a petty crime gone wrong)