{"Race":"Magmarians"}
{"Type":"Flamekin/Fire and Earth Elementals"}
{"Behaviour":"Magmarians are very a boisterous people. They are well known for their uproarous laughter and explosive tempers. Despite their fiery nature, they are the first to reach out to help. In battle, however, it is best to leave them a large area for themselves as they have no regard for others one in combat."}
{"History":"The magmarians were created when a massive meteor wounded the planetary god/diety Vashiin-Jun. It is said when his lifeblood poured into the molten core of Drax-nu-et, the magmarians sprang forth. Over the course of several years they advanced very rapidly, thanks to the blood of their Father and his decision to place his favor upon them. Interplanetary travel arose and the magmarians began to scour the cosmos in search of others and or a new home. For their planet could not stand Vashiin-Jun's blood and it was beginning to show signs of its end. Many "Natural" disasters pummeled the magmarians, this also played a part in their evolution. Yet, it was at no small cost to them."}
{"Physical Traits":""}

{"Race":"Dwinaelians"}
{"Type":"Shadekin"}
{"Behaviour":"The dwinaelins are a recluse people. They thrive in the night hours and worship the moon. They are known for their unmatched ability to see in the darkness, along with skilled assassinations. They seldom use their mouths to talk, opting to speak with their eyes or weapons. In combat they are swift and work well with others, despite their quiet nature."}
{"History":"Being a borderline cult, as a people not much is known about Dwinaelians. They stick to living in lush forests or deep caverns beneathe the ground. It is said the first Dwinaelians sprouted from seeds cast down from The World Tree after the first of it's branches snapped from the weight or its own fruit."}
{"Physical Traits":"Most Dwinaelians are between 3 and 5 feet tall, with lythe bodies. Their skin color varies in color amoungst tribes. Usually they have a deep blue-ish, almost black, skin tone with a nearly imperceptible scaly chitinous appearance. Their eyes are slanted with bright hues of pink, purple, and grey iris colors. Their hair color tends to stay light grey, light green, dark grey, dark brown, and dark green."}

{"Race":"Vihnduu"}
{"Type":"Beastkin"}
{"Behaviour":"The Vihnduu are a mixed bag when it comes to both appearance and behaviour. Some can become quite feral when lacking the willpower or knowledge to resist old habits from the time when they were primal entities. For example one moment you may see a Vihnduu forging a weapon or writing a book. Shortly afterwards you may see them grazing in the fields or destroying their own shops."}
{"History":"The Vihnduu were all once regular beasts, although some came from other realms. Most were born when wandering around exceptionally magical items or magically unstable areas, causing them to gain sentience. Others are the result of experimenttation gone wrong, conduced by cruel men of study. The Vihnduu struggle to maintain their sentience due to their beastly origin. However, many have gained mastery over will and attempt to teach and assist others."}
{"Physical Traits":""}

{"Race":"Zwii"}
{"Type":"Galekin"}
{"Behaviour":"The Zwii are a pretty aloof people. They do not believe in family and tend to do as they please. Despite their carefree ways they make excellent guides and cartographers. Their ability to track is second to none. They are incredibly fearless in battle due to their nearly invulnerable bodies. They have been known to mount wind currents, and when angry their cloud bodies darken and crackle with energy, much like a thunderstorm borne of flesh. The Zwii may be quick to joke and jest but its best not to infringe upon their freedoms. Many have foolishly attempted to capture and imprision them, only to have their town destroyed by great floods from monnsoons, fires from lightning, or shredding winds from unceasing tornadoes."}
{"History":"The Zwii have been involved in several wars, all of which have lead to catastrophic events, leaving many places uninhabitable for several years. Many civilizations have been swept away by powerful primal elementals lured by Zwii magic. This had lead to many agreements banning the Zwii from participating in large scale battles. The Zwii don't mind, as they do not reproduce very rapidly, once every few decade usually. Their war magic also poses risk to themselves as several have been absorbed into Primal Elementals or Soul-Sealing weapons. Soul-sealing weapons which can be wielded by the strongest of their kin. This however, is forbidden and viewed as an abomination. Zwii caught wielding such weapons are viewed as unwelcome traitors. The Zwii have maps of countless planets they've visited over the ages. Some of the places have been destroyed and others, only a select few are able to visit."}
{"Physical Traits":"Their bodies are made of cloud, making harming them extremely difficult. "}

{"Race":"Einz-Ya"}
{"Type":"Tidekin"}
{"Behaviour":"Honor and Duty. Two words that pretty much sum up the nature of the Einz-Ya. They follow the Ash-Amahn code to the letter. Walking erect and bowing to no one but their own. Due to this, many have mistakenly believed them to be a rude and pompous people. A look at their history will betray the common asumption about their nature."}
{"History":"Being betrayed by several allies at a critical point in The Great War, the Einz-Ya have forsaken their old way of living. When they once assumed being kind and open-minded were the best way to forge diplomacy. Now they have become borderline tyrannical, preferring strict laws and harsh punishments for law-breakers. Their justice is as unbending as their will on the field of battle or their cut-throat trading agreements and treaties in the interplanetary market."}
{"Physical Traits":""}

{"Race":"Bluuteneti"}
{"Type":"Stonekin"}
{"Behaviour":"The Bluuteneti are a solemn lot. Often found brooding, they aren't the best to hold a conversation with. That may be because they use mind-speech and have no mouthes. They come off quite negative because they believe they have all their is to know, held in the countless books within the great monestary. As firm believers in the phrase, haste make waste, they have both inspired and driven others mad with their long winded speeches. Their sagely wisdom is poorly reflected in the attire they adorn themselves with, often seen in vibrant colors and combinations of various patterns. In battle they chant with what many assume is unitelligble nonsense. Yet many must grudgingly acknowledge that their words resonate with extremely powerful magic, summoning various spirit creatures or empowering their allies bodies and weaponry. "}
{"History":"The Bluuteneti have bluntly stated they were alive the very moment creation began. A look at the library held within The Great Monestary makes this statement hard to argue against as it carries a majestic sense of timelessness. That and the Bluuteneti have lifespans that last several millenia and method of rebirth unique to their kin. Those whom have been elected to lead the Bluuteneti refer to themselves as -The Eternal- and rarely converse with anyone outside of their disciples within the Bluuteneti. The Eternal have delegated themselves to watch over the 9 quadrons of the universe. their purpose is to preserve knowledge and history of all beings, old and new. Despite this, they rarely intervene in conflict, except when expressly required to uphold what is stated above."}
{"Physical Traits":""}

{"Race":"Zionites"}
{"Type":"Solarkin"}
{"Behaviour":"The Zionites are nomads. They are the culmination of billions of years of spiritual and natural evolution. They emanate ethereal power, which often acts as a mask, concealing their true identity. The Zionites seek new souls to grow closer to the light. They choosen to retreat from conflict as it detracts from their nature, unity."}
{"History":"The zionites have but one true goal. To reunite their divided kin. All for the sake of the remnant of their race flourishing and ascending to a higher plane."}
{"Physical Traits":""}

{"Race":"Varphenians"}
{"Type":"Solarfrost - The union of Tidekin,Solarkin, and Flamekin"}
{"Behaviour":"The Varphenians are usually viewed as extremist and or outright psychopaths in the early stages of their lives. They often flipflop between extreme caution and borderline recklessness. This is due to their elemental composition. They phase in and out of 3 states. Positive, neutral, and negative. As they mature they gain mastery over managing the phase shifts. Harnessing this energy by storing each type of phase-energy, Varphenians can channel various abilities using the phase-energy as a fuel source. Different effects for each type of phase-energy. They only appear before those they wish. However, they accidentally expose themselves, on an infrequent basis."}
{"History":"Once thought to be primitive, due to their lack of a trade system, economy, or major cities, a deeper understanding of the Varphenians was waiting to be uncovered. Some of their kin began to go rogue, breaking ancient covenants; not to interfere with the ongoings of other dimensional beings. Some beleive the first group of dissenters had phased into a nightmare realm, becoming tainted unknowingly, others believe it was in pursuit of greater power. Upon their return, they brought many unknown and uninvited guests with them, opening up various realms to a much darker plane of existence. Realizing what was taking place a Varphenian by the name of Argaust Monsoom, began to rally the scattered Varphenians to reverse the wrong doings of his kinsmen. he has gone as far as to extend the request for help to other beings, teaching them to traverse the many levels and dangers of the multiverse. this monumentous change all but shatterned tradition and lead to many withdrawing their support fromt he still growing group of resistance. The fear of indefinite exposure was battled and argued fiercely, yet no argument could stand against the facts. That, alone, the Varphenians would not survive what had been unleashed upon them and also the multiverse."}
{"Physical Traits":""}