The Tao Realm, The Tao, and The Ever Soul.

The Tao Realm

The Tao Realm is outside of existence. It contains both the Ever Soul and the Tao. It is nothingness, i cant find a better way to describe something that has no characteristics, yet within that nothingness the Ever Soul resides and it is also where the Tao was created.

The Tao;

The Tao is everything and anything. It is like a river of existence. The Tao is neither "good" or "bad" it just exists.  However, the Tao does have a strict "nature". That nature is balance... in everything. The Tao is not alive by our(human) standards nor is it an all-powerful being or "god". It is a creation of the Ever Soul, therefore it is a product perceived only through consciousness.

The Ever Soul;

Within the Tao Realm another entity is present. I call it The Ever Soul. The Ever Soul is a single soul that has always existed. The concept of an existence such as The Ever Soul being possible may be hard to grasp. That is because we exist within time, which is a part of the Tao, therefore we think of things having an indefinite beginning, if not an end. The Tao is the Physical Realm/Universe we can percieve. The Ever Soul exists outside of the Tao, in the Tao Realm. However the Tao and The Ever Soul are linked indefinitely. Together they work hand in hand. They are separate entities, yet connected all the same. Their purposes are beyond understanding, because purpose is a human concept, yet we know a product of their connection is what we call "life". 


The Ever Soul has a key difference from the Tao. It is conscious, some may even say it is the embodiment of consciousness. It has a free will as well as the ability to directly effect/manipulate the Tao. The Ever Soul is a curious being. It knows all there is to know about the Tao, however it is incapable of studying itself, so to speak. The Ever Soul binds us together. How? It is a single soul that has split to create an experiment. Using the Tao it created "containers" placing a piece of itself within those "containers". The name of this piece has been referred to as many things. A breath or an energy source. I prefer to call it a soul. Thus man and many other creatures were created. So man didnt wander aimlessly doing nothing, man was given a task. Survive. This lead to the study of the Tao, an "impossible" task yet we inherited the Ever Soul's nature and carry part of its consciousness with us.(curiousity!)  This allowed the Ever Soul to study itself effectively.(through us and other beings) Each time man reproduces, the pieces of consciousness the parents carry splits, fuses, then grows.

The Ever Soul's curious nature has caused a few issues however. We refer to those issues as "evil". The Ever Soul is conscious but it is neither "good" nor "evil", those are human concepts. Learning from the creation of the Tao, the Ever Soul stuck with balance, for it is better for studying purposes. However as many humans have noticed evil has a mind of its own. Evil, much like fire, will consume everything until nothing is left. The Ever Soul sees this as yin and yang. It is the product of using the Tao, which demands balance by design, to create "containers". Needing to study both "Good" and "Evil" it left things as they were. When the Evil "souls" returned to the Ever Soul, upon their death, they were stored in a separate place after they attempted to take over the Ever Soul and destroy or convert any "good" soul they came in contact with. Even storing them separately became an issue as their numbers continued to grow and their attempts to break free never ceased. They were evolving, finding new ways to corrupt and consume. As i write this they have most of the small part of the Tao, that i know of, under their thumb and are forcing good souls into situations that result in their corruption. The Ever Soul sought to counter this rather then scrapping the project completely. Crushing Evil would not work because the Tao would just recreate it. The Ever Soul offers great comforts, to those who resisted, upon their return to itself.  Also putting what we know as "karma" into effect. These have helped somewhat.

Currently the faction of the corrupt, where i live atleast, refer to themselves as the Illuminati i call them "The Sin".

Within us we have sensors for "good" and "evil". When you do something you believe is "wrong" you can feel it. The same for when you do something "good". This sensory ability is what i call a spiritual awareness. Therefor we must all have a spirit in order to become spiritually aware, this awareness is a product of consciousness. It interacts with the world around us. Another thing i'd like to add to that is something like a switch, empathy. When a person is rude and tensions rise you can feel the "evil". The negativity coming from them is powerful and is perceived as an attack. Some choose to meet this negativity with their own negativity. A bad idea because "evil" takes hold and corrupts everything it touches. You may find yourself in a situation you would have avoided at all costs had you not allowed evil within your spirit. Spiritual awareness is our 6th sense. It can be accessed through all other senses because it is tapped into through our perceptions. If you close your senses to "evil" it cant take ahold of you. For there is nothing it can grasp. Some people make the mistake of shutting out EVERYTHING. Some even do it all the time, switching off empathy. 

This 6th sense is not fool proof and is attuned to your soul. If you choose to constantly allow evil to take hold, you will be corrupted. When you are corrupted your soul becomes attuned to evil. Evil will feel "right", it will feel "just". Your perceptions will be skewed in favor of doing bad things believing they are justified because it felt "right" to do them, and your sense of remorse is abandoned. Turning off this sense is difficult, for a reason. To turn it off is to resist/disable/deny your humanity. Leave it off long enough and your humanity will be lost.

Evil has many faces but the most dangerous ones have been rooted out and given names for their nature. The seven deadly sins. 

